#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
click==7.1.2
    # via mkdocs
ghp-import==1.1.0
    # via mkdocs
glob2==0.7
    # via mkdocs-literate-nav
importlib-metadata==4.0.1
    # via mkdocs
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
livereload==2.6.3
    # via mkdocs
lunr[languages]==0.5.9
    # via mkdocs
markdown-callouts==0.1.0
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocs-autorefs==0.1.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-gen-files==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-material==7.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material-extensions
mkdocs-redirects==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
git+https://github.com/mkdocs/mkdocs@master
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-redirects
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
git+https://github.com/mkdocstrings/crystal@master
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings==0.15.0
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
nltk==3.4.5
    # via lunr
packaging==20.9
    # via mkdocs
pygments==2.8.1
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==8.1.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via ghp-import
pytkdocs==0.11.0
    # via mkdocstrings
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   livereload
    #   nltk
    #   python-dateutil
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   livereload
    #   mkdocs
zipp==3.4.1
    # via importlib-metadata
